# Robocup-Junior-Soccer-USA-2019
Code written for the Offensive and Defensive Robots Competing in Robocup USA Junior Soccer. 

Written in the Arduino IDE and meant for usage with the Arduino Due. Arduino is quite close in syntax to C and C++. This code gave the offensive and defensive capabilities for the robots. For the offense mode, the robot would pursue the ball by tracking the angle from the robot's relative north (created by giving it a digital compass). Then it would pursue the goal once it had the ball in possession (this robot would try to capture the ball first using those sensors and once the ball was captured it would try to score). Tracking was done using PixyCam and calibrating the sensor to detect the correct color; the sensor would then return plenty of data that we could use to chase down the ball. There were several additional parts used to keep possession. While there were four motors on the bottom so that the robot could move, a fifth was added that revolved a tube with rubber on the outside that would produce backspin on the ball and keep it in possession. For defense, the robot would try to limit the angle of attack that the opposition had on goal. This was done by first checking that the robot was in front of goal (the goals were colored either yellow or blue allowing us to keep using the PixyCam). We also tracked the ball and if the defending robot had possession for long enough it would switch to an offensive mode.  It is not recommended that you use this unless you are absolutely certain that you have the right parts that would correspond to this Due. It is best recommended that you look at this as a learning opportunity to learn from a team that competed in this competition not too long ago.
